PaloAltoNetworks Device Security (SCM) Content Pack (#44866)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_DeviceSecurity/Scripts/device_security_check_servicenow/README.md

> Close the XSOAR incident if the Device Security ServiceNow ticket was closed. This command should be run in a Job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Closes the Cortex XSOAR incident if the Device Security ServiceNow ticket was closed. This command should be run in a Job.
```

Author: yes, updated it

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |
| Tags | device security |
| Cortex XSOAR Version | 6.10.0 |

## Dependencies

---
This script uses the following commands and scripts.

* ServiceNow
* ServiceNow v2
* servicenow-get-record

## Used In

---
This script is used in the following playbooks and scripts.

* PANW Device Security ServiceNow Tickets Check

## Inputs

---

> There are no inputs for this script.

Author: I have checked by using demisto-sdk generate-docs command. It shows the same as is.
